.TH LOCKATTY 1 "2023 April" "lockatty 1.0.0"
.SH NAME
lockatty \- Simple terminal screen locker.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY lockatty
.RI [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B lockatty
is a simple screenlocker for Linux terminals. It supports
customizable prompts and program-specific passwords.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.B -e, --echo=FILE
.IP
Echoes the contents of a given ascii file for the password prompt.
The absolute path for the file must be given.
.PP
.B -l, --lockatty-pw
.IP
Use a password set just for lockatty rather than the user's
system password. lockatty passwords have a 50 character limit.
Can be reset by deleting the ~/.pw file.
.PP
.B -n, --no-text-prompt
.IP
Does not print text asking for the password. Will still print
text informing the user of an incorrect password attempt.
.PP
.B -?, --help
.IP
Prints help message.
.PP
.B --usage
.IP
Prints short usage message.
.PP
.B -V, --version
.IP
Prints program version.

.SH FILES
.PP
.I ~/.pw
.IP
File that stores the md5 hash of your lockatty password. If this
file is deleted, lockatty will ask you for a new password the next
time you run it with -l or --lockatty-pw.

.SH AUTHORS
Written by Samuel Young.
.IR <samyoung12788@gmail.com>

.SH BUGS
Report bugs to my email
.IR <samyoung12788@gmail.com>
.sp
or my github
.IR <https://github.com/1-1sam>

.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
